20th
Leave from last night’s campsite at New England/Trenton south on Sluggo Rd exit. It was a cool place to camp with a drive in movie place down the road. Too tired to go watch a movie though it would have been cool, made some watery soup for dinner instead.

Yesterday was an awesome ride though the Chattahoochee Forests and some mountains  by accident, good roads but some wet patches in the shade of the huge green trees that lined the road. Left late from the campsite with Joe, Taka and others, had fun with them breaking into Jimmy’s bike to get the keys out and jumping off rocks and a bridge (stay cool Chandler). Got helplessly lost in downtown Chattanooga, the phone map only shows me highways, getting lost on smaller roads is going to happen a lot. Also went to a small Sasquatch museum, still not convinced.

Head south on 59 to Fort Payne
Take right on 35 Main St to Rainsville
Head over lake Guntersville and left on 72 to Woodville, Huntsville. Nice lookout at Section (it’s a town).

Stop at a Waffle House in Huntsville for breakfast. The hash brown is a plate of loosely joined bits of fried potato, what’s the deal with that? It was a great breakfast, my first run in with free coffee refills, 3 is my limit.
Observe some sleaze bag guy in his natural habitat, middle aged guy pulls up in a mirror finish Porsche 911 or something, monopolizes the waitresses while he talks about stuff he has and makes the most complicated order he can think of. It seems like he is trying out lines that he read online, I think he tried negging a waitress too. “I really don’t want kids…” so he obviously wants kids.

Exit Huntsville on 565 west to Decatur (de-kay-tur)
Over Wheeler Lake on alt 72 to Trinity, Hillsboro, Corinth
385 to Memphis

Tired, eat at a Subway and go to fuel up across the road. It’s a small two bowser station but it’s busy, a few people are milling about. Wait behind a car for a bit until they realize that I want to fill up, they weren’t even getting fuel? In fact no one here is getting fuel? Some guys near the shop door are passing things to each other, it’s drugs. I don’t think this place makes much money on selling fuel, just the drugs. That’s hardcore.

Exit Memphis and see the big pyramid, later find out that it is the 10th tallest in the world. It houses outdoors shops. Cross the big bridge over the Mississippi, nice river, my first Mississippi crossing.
Take the 40 west to Forrest City, Little Rock.

The plan was to make it to Texarkana but instead stop only 30 miles past Little Rock at a rest stop. Ride the bike over the curb and into a picnic area where my hammock is tied between two trees, with the bike so close it should be fine to leave all my gear tied on. The fireflies between the trees off in the woods are nice to watch, mysterious, maybe there is a Sasquatch out there.
