21st
Texarkana is big. The billboard signs all compete to be the tallest. So Texan that it makes me want to go to McDonalds.

Take 30 west out of the city to New Boston
Change to 82 west to De Kalb, Clarksville, Paris

Should have stopped at the first McDonalds in Paris, there was only one near the highway.
Breakfast at a diner at Honey Grove outside of Paris. The lady’s teenage son has run away, (because he was grounded, nothing serious). She is telling everyone who comes in. Sitting down to eat my burger and milkshake, “do you have kids?” she asks, chuckle and shake my head, “well they’re a handful, especially boys”. People come into the store and don’t buy gas, just for a chat. The lady asks if they have seen her son. Is this a kind of gas station culture?

Now head for Wichita Falls on west 82 Hwy, the start of the great west 82.
Pass through Sherman, Gainesville, Muenster, Noccona, Henrietta, Jolly, a nice cross section of farming towns, real stuff. Short detour on west 277 to connect to the west 82 again at Seymour. The land is noticeably changing, no more farms, just hot dry orange/red rocks now. The road goes down into a sort of valley/floodplains area. Fang it at 100 from Seymour to Dickens, nice wide open plains, the road then climbs back up a hill of large rocks to Dickens, it felt appropriate, a nice change of pace.

Continue to Lubbock, “the friendliest city in America” according to a billboard. It is a strange city, 10 times more people than the surrounding towns for no real apparent reason. It has definitely been made for people to pass right through without stopping, don’t even have to slow down.

Get off west 82 at Plains, sad. It was an awesome westward road, riding towards the sunset between the farms and oil pumping jacks is nice. 

Low on fuel, tired, getting dark, find an empty rest stop just before Tatum, technically in New Mexico now, can almost smell Roswell. Made it across Texas in one day, that’s cool. Saw a bar a couple of miles back up the road, it looked closed but there was at least a couple of cars there so it’s worth a try now that there is a patch of dirt for me to fall down and sleep on.

The bar is awesome, cool star shaped sign out the front. It turns out that the bar is shutting down in a couple of days so all the old patrons are having a final send off. There are about 7 people including the bar tender and almost all end up having a chat with me. Talk to old retired Antonio the most about oil rigs, pumping jacks. He was a driller but there is no drilling going on anymore. He gives me tips on where to go in Colorado, make notes, I will definitely go to those places. Watch the people play shuffleboard, the bartender almost always wins, several small bets lost and lots of shit talking. Really dehydrated so drink water and beer, still get smashed off only a few beers. Ride drunk back to the rest stop, so sketchy but it was literally just a couple of miles of perfectly straight road, flop down on my patch of dirt. Try to stay awake and look at the stars though the mosquito net of the hammock, did not see what I wanted to see (aliens).
