22nd
Quick ride to Roswell for breakfast, back is pretty sore from sleeping on some lumps of grass and rocks but the promise of aliens keeps spirits high. After looking at the map over breakfast it should be an easy ride tomorrow to get to the GRAND CANYON. Time to buy some alien crap.

Roswell is not very interesting, walking up the main street there are only a few alien shops and they aren’t very good. Don’t end up buying anything in the end, sort of typical.

Take Hwy 70 west out of Roswell
Race a plane (crop duster) to 140Mph as he circles and flies beside the road. Accidentally gave him a big headstart, his speed was deceptive. Hope it turns out well on video but I suspect his plane will look very small.
Switch to 380 west at Hondo, through to Captain, Carrizozo, San Antonio. Pass though some mountains and then the valley of fires, cool black crumbly rocks look like they have been burning for thousands of years. Break out of the mountains and ride down a road that is completely straight as far as you can see. The transition from closed in mountains to sweeping open plains is as if out of a movie, riding is tiring and hot. Try to ride to a missile testing facility but everything looks closed and there was security everywhere, not for tourists.

Interesting bike problem. After about 30 minutes of cruising on the highway it feels like the bike starts losing power. That’s strange, slow down and everything seems normal and start twisting the throttle, everything is fine up to a point where the bike starts slowing down and any further twisting just makes it slower (it is weird to roll off the throttle and have the bike speeding up). Trying a few things out and the same thing happens in other gears too but it is not strictly related to RPM. The good thing is that electrically cycling the bike seems to fix it, a quick switch off and on does the trick. It can’t be just turning off the engine though, the bike has to run the startup sequence before it fixes the problem for another 30 minutes. It is possible to do this while moving: clutch in, kill switch on and off, release clutch. Not too concerned, saw a few people complaining about throttle position sensor errors on the internet before I left.

Fill up at San Antonio and meet a Harley guy from Oregon, turns out we are both riding up to flagstaff so we ride together up to Socorro and then on the 60 west to Show Low.

Awesome ride to Show Low (show low, show low, show low, good name for a town). We ride at a good pace and the guy knows when to slow down for police. We ride straight towards some heavy looking rain clouds and they dump heavy drops on us, just enough to make the road sketchy and wet us a bit without getting soaked, the temperature drops at least 10F and the evaporation is nice and cool. Pass though the rain quickly and get to Pie Town and see the VLA TELESCOPES, so awesome to see them lined up with the rain clouds coming towards them. Would have stopped to take better pictures and get closer but the rain was fast approaching. Again, it will probably look pretty bad on the camera.

Start to see smoke from some large bushfires, “half the state is on fire” guy says at a gas station. Signs say that the fires are burning 100 miles to the south but the smoke has made its way north to us and makes the sky red and dims the light from the sun. Hills come out of the smoke so large and so silent that the place seems almost surreal. We have out run the rain now so try to get the camera out of my bag but have to stop because it is jammed in there real good, lose the Harley guy in the process. 

Push through Show Low to Snowflake. See the Harley guy going the opposite way in Show Low and wave, I hope he didn’t stop to look for me or something. Snowflake is a nice small city the hot plains have given way to forests of big pine trees, it looks like this place would get snow in winter, maybe that’s the joke though, the town of Snowflake maybe doesn’t get any snow. Sleepy, dirty, want to be refreshed to head off to the GRAND CANYON tomorrow, time to try a motel. The Roadside Inn, very good place, the girl at the desk tells me to try the Trappers café for dinner and pie. Have a shower and make it just in time before closing, lady there takes an extra last order from me. Spots my accent immediately, most people keep asking if I’m from England, this is a welcome change. BANANA CREAM PIE for dessert! It is sweeter than the coke I was sipping. Squidding around the town in the cool night time air is fun and the bike is awesome. Go to Walmart to buy some stuff, it’s almost midnight but the place is open 24/7 apparently. Late night Walmart is weird, weird people, weird stuff on stale (you can buy anything here). Wash clothes in the shower at the motel, need to bring less clothes next time.
