23rd
Don’t have to push today, canyon is less than 400Km.

Breakfast at the motel since they have it. COOK WAFFLES! eggs, toast, sausages, food is important for moral and the fresh waffles are great. Coffee and watch the news, it’s so small/localized, weather and update on the fires burning to the south, also tips on how to stay cool in the heat.

Get going and the oil light comes on for a minute or so, this was to be expected at some point, the oil level looked a bit low before leaving Atlanta. Just so happen to see a sign for a bike mechanic down a side street before exiting Snowflake. Park in the driveway, it’s early and they haven’t opened yet, what time is it? Phone doesn’t seem to be able to keep up with the timezone changes. Guy shows up, lets me buy oil and change it on the gravel, also take the opportunity to oil the chain again with a spray can bought a couple of days ago. The centre stand on this bike is so handy. It’s not worth asking him about the problem of the bike losing power, it wasn’t happening as much yesterday afternoon and chasing electrical gremlins would take ages.  He’s a nice guy and his brother shows up at the shop too and they tell me where to go around the Grand Canyon and to see the vermillion cliffs, also confirms suggestions on where to go in Colorado too.

Leave the bike shop, it feels a little bit more like my bike now. Heading to flagstaff, stop at meteor crater, how can this place be family owned? Shouldn’t it be a national park? The crater is pretty cool, but that’s it. Taking the interstate 40 west to Flagstaff is boring, too many people.

Head out of Flagstaff north on Hwy 89, the westward journey is over, pretty excited about the next few days.
Lots of pine tree forrest heading out of the city but they soon give way to dry soil and rocks near the town of Cameron, looking more like canon territory.

Take the turn off for the canyon, impatient I stop at one of the first lookouts, “is this it?”. It is obviously not the Grand Canyon yet, just one of the tributary canyons, 40 miles later, “Ok it’s a big canyon”, crazy that a river can really move so much rock, is still moving so much rock, the Colorado River still runs quite strong at the bottom of the canyon. The way that the tops of the canyon walls are all the same height is cool as well at the obnoxiously white cumulous clouds above and the clear air. Somehow it’s like the clouds in Toy Story. It’s a better canyon than Jebel Shams in Oman sure, but not a huge amount better and you can’t camp right on the edge of it. Quite a few people at the main lookouts so head over to a smaller/better lookout, a lady stumbles out of a huge RV and bumps into my back, she’s obviously been drinking for a while and tries to take a selfie of her with her glass of whatever and the canyon in the background, pretty sure she got mostly carpark asphalt in the picture, her husband waits in the RV. Why do people want to get drunk and stumble around the Grand Canyon? She isn’t the only one. Ugly.

Rip around the canyon, keeping an eye out for bob cats as the signs say apparently. Head back to Cameron town and have a run in with a native Indian asking for change. I think that parts of the south rim of the Grand Canyon are Indian reservations but not the north rim or the actual Grand Canyon itself, the Indians got a raw deal here. 

Head up the 89 north again towards page, so hot but the views of the cliffs are great. The turn off for Page goes up a steep hill with some fun corners and the view over the red rocks and plains below as the sun goes down is nice. The steep hill is also great because the temperature drops quite fast so that it would actually be bearable to sleep outside here. Unfortunately the cool does not last for long because the road for Page passes over this small tabletop plateau and heads down the other side into the heat again, Nooooo…. Moral is shot, the tiredness suddenly catches up with me, Page doesn’t look like it has any camping to boot, it would be too hot anyway. Since it is the biggest city for 60miles around Page is super commercial and has heaps of motels, the first one wanted $130 for a night, nope, the second was $89, too tired to keep going so stay there. Stall the bike going up the driveway again, the vibration from the handlebars is starting to make my hands numb so that they just can’t do any fine movements. For the first few days my hands were able to recover overnight so that they were ok the next day but now they just can’t keep up and the pins and needles last all day. Probably pushed too hard today, that was more riding than was planned. So tired, Subway, shower, sleep.
