24th
Breakfast was pretty ordinary, can’t really compare it to the one in Snowflake. Too many people anyway.

Head up the road north on 89 still to do the Vermillion Cliffs loop as suggested by the bike mechanic, the way out past Big Water and Kanab is quite leisurely and the land around is nice, Kanab is quite and old town. The way back was quite fun heading out of Fredonia and up a mesa to Jacobs Lake, the corners are good and the hill drops the temperature nicely so that there is a nice green forest up the top. It would have been an awesome place to camp here last night. Riding down the hill was also fun, slowed down a bit to get some footage. The actual cliffs on the way back are worth seeing too as well as crossing a high bridge over the Colorado River, good ride.

Back to Page, visiting the same place twice is not great, especially Page. Needed fuel but didn’t want to get it, just want to keep moving.

Take the 98 south through Kaibito, Shonto
Turn east onto 160 through Tsegi to the junction of the 163 at Kayenta towards Monument Valley.

Start to see more “monument”-ish rocks, pretty cool, just like in pictures. The rocks are awesome to look at but need to stay alert, idiot tourists everywhere, have to jam on the breaks and almost come to a stop to dodge some derp walking across the road looking through a camera viewfinder, he gives me a wave, shake my head, that scared the shit out of me. Some people in a van then try to pull a u-turn from the side of the road in front of me, roll off the throttle, set up, squeeze. Is it really that important to see Forest Gump Point? It is just a sign on the side of the road. It would have been a good chance to rev bomb those people, but they are probably not stupid all the time plus it doesn’t matter or change anything after the fact.

Pass a camping sign, it’s only 4-5pm which would be the earliest time to have found a place to sleep so far so keep going and turn the corner. A minute later, turn around to go back because camping here would be awesome. GOOD CHOICE, head up the small road to the campsite and over a hill the three best rock monuments appear, this will be a good camp have no food though. Whatever, I am powered by starlight anyway and there are not many clouds this evening so it will be fine to enjoy the stars instead. Throw tent on the sand and gear on top of some bushes, whatever. Shower, go and sit and watch the monuments, not too noisy, lots of couples…Wait for dark/coolness.

Stars are good, milkyway, 3 different kinds of shooting stars (while lines, yellow lines, one white ball with a bit of bursting), also a really nice 10 sec IRIDIUM FLARE which was almost too bright to look at.
