25th
Need to get going early, sun makes everything hot.

San Juan river is big and flowing strong, it flows into the Colorado river somewhere near Page. Pass the town of Mexican Hat and the Mexican hat rock.
Take 191 south at Bluff to Mexican Water and back to 160 east. Should have continued on along the San Juan River, map is letting me down.
Left turn onto 160 past Red Mesa, Tec Nos Pos (north?)

Pass four corners monument, too many people just to see the corners of some states, besides there are mountains starting to appear in the distance. In Colorado state now, getting excited to see trees again and cooler weather. Riding feels good today, no power problems with the bike either so don’t really want to stop.

Follow signs to Cortez, Durango. Definitely getting cooler, GREEN FORESTS, I’m in the mountains now. Stop for breakfast/lunch at a nice diner. Durango is a cool place, the diner is in the “historic” part of town. This marks the start of the “million dollar highway” so have a look over the bike and tighten all of the luggage, feeling pretty excited about this ride.

First part of the ride the road it pretty average but the altitude is still climbing and the view keeps getting better. Can see snow (ice probably) still atop pretty much all of the mountains. Looking around, can see some clouds ahead, storm in the distance, that came in pretty fast, it is definitely heading this way.

Storm hits HARD, big drops and COLD! Shivering, the road is getting totally waterlogged and visibility is getting quite bad so slow down but there is blue sky ahead. Have to stop to put all the electronics deeper into backpack and keep going to push though storm, no time to put on rain jacket, the wasted time in the rain would have made the effort pointless.

Manage to ride though storm, not too wet. Probably should have stopped though. Now the mountains and the views are even better, one sign says that the altitude is about 13,000 feet. The road is awesome too, better not get too excited yet, there is plenty of good road ahead.

This is all old gold mine country. There are lots of old mining buildings and train tracks all over the place, mostly down the bottom of the valleys. That’s probably where all the gold collects. The wooden shacks are all silvered and grey so they blend in with the rocks. Should probably keep an eye on the road more. It would be would be awesome to pan for some gold in one of the rivers, the small trangy bowls should work ok. Need to camp near a river tonight to try it out. 

Temperature goes from pretty warm to freezing cold really quickly, cold, warm, cold, warm. Have to put on extra jacket when it’s cold, can hardly ride from the shivering. Snow (no it’s just ice) comes down right next to the road.

The road keeps on getting better, some parts are still wet, some parts have snow melt flowing over them and probably never really get dry during the year. There are not too many other cars in front so it is possible to have some fun leaning the bike over. Getting a good feel for the bike, leaning off the side and laying it over as far as I dare and then balancing the rest of the forces just by moving my body around by feel, the long sweeping corners around the edges of the mountains are perfect for this, closely followed by tight technical hairpins and awesome views they make an awesome road. Other drivers keep on cutting the corners and crossing lanes though, gotta keep an eye out.

Coming into Silverton is an awesome view and it looks like a nice place but there is an even cooler town between Silverton and Montrose. Hot springs, craft beers, camping next to a river. Wanted to stay to pan for gold but it’s too early, need to push on. Fuel up and keep on going.

Just leaving the mountains when it is time to start thinking about where to find a place to sleep. Low on fuel again but find campgrounds easy. With all these trees, hanging up the hammock is a nice change. Once again there is nowhere nearby to get some food, forgot to get some stuff for dinner. Should have kept some spare food in bags for times like these. It’s not so bad but there is still daylight and cooking would have been nice, resolve to find something good for breakfast tomorrow.

No internet tonight, luckily I sent a message to Elisa at breakfast, have pretty much all day tomorrow to sort it out anyway. I will meet her tomorrow at some point somewhere, the camping spot close enough to Denver tonight.
