26th
The night was COLD! A nice change but not easy to sleep, shoved all of my spare clothes under me in the hammock because there was a cold wind underneath it. Other people being really noisy didn’t help. Also some people doing some masonic/self-affirmation chanting, weird stuff.

Shower and pack up. Lady at gas station “Sorry I can’t hear you” “sorry I can’t hear you either” (still had earplugs in). Lots of cotton like tufts in the air, have to close my helmet even though it is such a nice cool morning, they keep getting in my mouth (how???).

Out of the mountains now but the road is still really nice, going alongside a fast flowing river with some rapids, good corners and not too many cars so can travel fast. Better enjoy it because this is probably the last of the good stuff. Kids float down the river in bright orange rafts. The river must be so strong because of the snow melting, have to keep on overtaking old school buses, it seems that they pick up the kids after rafting in old school buses which have repainted all kinds of colours.

Hungry, have breakfast in Cañon City. WAFFLE CAFÉ, no the place is way too crowded, stuff that. Find a nice old-ish café to eat and kill time. Need to wait for a reply from Elisa.

Here a decision needs to be made: meet Elisa or blast up Pikes Peak. The ride up Pikes Peak would be insanely good, good view at the top and it is quite close (not exactly sure where though). It would probably be bad to send Elisa those messages and then ditch. At this point it would be a bad idea to purposely spur contact with other people, don’t go full hikikomori, short conversations with people at gas stations don’t count. Ok, she has a time limit, if no message before 11am then Pikes Peak it will have to be. 

Message received…(also just looked at the map, Pikes Peak is literally just up the road, so CLOSE!)

Have to blast up the interstate to Colorado Springs and then to Denver, mountains to the left are cool, that’s where Pikes Peak is. Interstate SUCKS, other cars SUCK, traffic SUCKS, lost in Denver SUCKS! Accidentally ride straight down a big one way street, whoops.

Meet Elisa and her boyfriend, awkward lunch, not hungry. Pretty tired after battling the cold last night and riding 180 miles already. Good to talk though, prove that I haven’t disappeared. Elisa and her boyfriend show me the red rock amphitheatre (closed for a show) and then we go to Lookout Mountain which is nice. Cool road up there, hairpins and narrow lanes so quite technical. Lock the back wheel when downshifting coming into a corner, that’s fun. My hands are completely shot now from the vibrations, mostly numb so it is hard to know what is happening, open control loop, no feedback. Also learnt about WHISTLE PIGS! (aka ground hogs).

Time to head off, in a bad mood once on the open highway, should be excited about being on the open road though. Not feeling bad because of the awkward lunch with Elisa and her boyfriend or missing out on Pikes Peak when it was so damn close. There are probably lots of things that I missed out on seeing due to bad planning or no proper map so Pikes Peak isn’t a huge deal. Thinking about these things while weathering the out of town traffic, the sun is setting behind me and there are dark blue storm clouds ahead, there is nothing else to look at, the open plains all around only make the storm clouds look bigger and darker. Somehow this is fitting, this point does officially mark the end of all the main goals for this trip. From here on everything is just about getting back to Atlanta. Mood is probably a mixture of everything, also very tired and it is clear that there are no camping places even remotely close. Tonight will be shit.

Fuel up in a small place outside Denver, Fort Morgan, where the traffic is much less and there are hardly any people around. Find a strange energy drink and a freight train rumbles past the gas station and blows its horn just as it gets close which makes me jump. Somehow the kickstart of adrenalin makes me think differently about tonight. Already pretty tired, there will be no sheltered place to camp tonight and the storm will drench all my luggage but maybe this can be avoided, if I can manage to ride through the storm and then outrun it then things should be fine. Getting more excited now with this new goal, sure it will suck to ride through the night but riding to try to escape storms is much more fun.

Feeling excited about being on the road again and happy to get off the interstate onto hwy 34 east. Race that same freight train from the gas station at Fort Morgan, speeding up to overtake and then slowing down, wanted the conductor to see me and blow the horn. See that the clouds are pretty cool actually, land and the road ahead is flat and straight, me vs storms, the stage is set. On these back highways the gridded nature of America is really apparent, there are always four directions that you can travel in: north, south, east, west. The idea that the whole country has been cut into neat little grids always seemed pretty boring to me but at least tonight it will give me good options for trying to dodge the storms. Just watching the storms while riding, and oh boy they are BIG thunderstorms, there are two to the east and east nor east straight ahead and one which is closer and to the south. The two storms to the east are either moving towards me or away, more likely away because the storm to the south is moving north east quite fast. This puts us on a direct collision course ahead if I can’t ride fast enough to miss it. The storm is already quite close, in fact staying put isn’t even an option anymore because it will still catch me. Storms in front, storm behind, no choice but to keep going and try not to get too wet, tonight will be really fun.

The 34 east leads towards Akron, the roads now are quite small, no more other cars. The sun has gone down but there is still a bit of light hanging around which makes the storms look even cooler, there is a great wall of black ahead. The storms ahead are lazily throwing down lightning strikes every now and then but the storm to the south is working much harder. As it gets closer to the road it feels like we are racing together side by side, the lightning is so close that it is easy to hear the booms over the noise of the road and through my earplugs. It is not hard to imagine that flat open places like this are where people get stuck by lightning. The setup for charging my phone and camera is a 12volt usb adapter and some crocodile clamps which takes power from the front headlight. The setup works fine during the day and even saves power when there is nothing charging but it means that at the moment the high-beam lamp is the only thing giving me light. The truck drivers on the other side of the road probably think that I forgot to turn off my high-beams, maybe it is annoying?

Stop in Akron at a gas station to plug the main headlight back in, the high beam is not covering the sides of the road properly so any animals on the side of the road are impossible to see, have already seen a couple of deer so fixing it was overdue, need to keep an eye out for deer. Two kids sitting at the gas station, “Nice bike” “Want to sit on it?” “It goes up to 140Mph” “Cool phone” “Cool sweater”. I am from out of town so everything is cool and new to these kids. Talk to them for a while, they got to school in Akron, dads are truckers. “Fort Morgan is a hell hole” one of the kids hates that place, ask where the storm is going, skateboarding and other stuff. Considering stopping for the night, the kids tell me that I can sleep in the park, there is a fake teepee tent there and it would keep the rain off until morning. Would be cool but it is too early to stop yet, want to keep chasing the storm anyway. It is obvious that the kids don’t think much about stuff outside their town/country. They don’t recognize the names of places just a few towns over, one of them hopes to visit Denver someday (it is only a few hours back up the road). Just like all the planes flying over Lakeview Georgia while camping with Taka and Joe, they are probably not even going to leave the US. Sort of neat somehow in its own way. Surely the people in rural towns in Australia are more mobile than this? That’s the impression I get from my cousins anyway. Better get moving because the storm is still coming, also one of the kids keeps spitting out chewing tobacco, trying not be disgusted.

On the 34 east still past Otis, Yuma, Eckley. Have a “gas station dinner” while filling up at Wray, bad idea, probably not going to last on the highway for too much longer, losing concentration on the road and motivation to keep running from the storms. They are behind me now so I managed to dodge the rain at least but they will catch up if I stop, not much choice. Continue on to Haigler, Parkes, Benkelman (see a huge buck just outside the town while riding slowly, stop in the middle of the road and we stare at each other, grey and ghostly, creepy. Also saw a dead rattlesnake and stopped to test its rattle, yes it works), next the town of Max and then Stratton.

Crash on a park bench next to a lake in Stratton, I am wrecked. Cold, pull on another jumper and Kevlar pants on over all my clothes and go to sleep with full gear on sans helmet (yes the gloves were essential too). 2am.
