27th
Woken up by first light and fishermen going to the lake, pretty sure they think it’s suspicious that someone is sleeping on the bench. Sky is dark and windy, still cold, need to keep moving and maybe there will be a place with hot coffee maybe pancakes, nah just the coffee, it’s so damn cold. Move along for an hour, pass through McCook, it’s a cool place worth stopping at but I am a robot, had the idea to stop outside of town somewhere and sleep for a bit so cannot think of anything else. Dangerous now, so pull off onto a dirt road and head around the other side of a small hill. Fall off the bike and into the long green grass. Just starting to warm up now and it feels like I just melt like butter into the grass, its height blocks out everything except the sky which is blue now, so obnoxiously peaceful. Finally wake up at 9am, still have the keys in my hand and all my gear on, even the helmet this time (actually quite comfortable to sleep in). The sky has gone dark again, the storm is catching up. Feeling much better now, time to find food and fuel.

Ride south on 83 to Oberlin, subway at service station for breakfast. The storm is moving east so the southwards detour has let it catch up even more. Meet a guy who says that has a 1985 Honda VFR or something, hates on the arrogant Harley guys. Pretty cool that he has an old VFR out here, those bikes look the one in AKIRA for some reason, picturing him riding that retro bike between all the old faded Chevy trucks, water towers and corn fields, that would be cool to see.

Gearing up to leave and the wind is suddenly picking up. Suddenly a heap of sirens and bells start up from somewhere just around the corner. Sounds like an air raid siren, maybe it is a tornado warning? No one else seems to mind, is it tornado season? Do they even get tornados here? (trying remember stuff, I guess according to the wizard of Oz they do get tornados in Kansas). It would be awesome to see one, they are probably easy to run away from if needed, catching one would be hard though.

Turn left onto east 36 for a while, Norcatur, Prarieview, Philipsburg. Good farmland country, not too busy. Every now and then there is a TERRIBLE smell like open sewage and outhouse toilets. What the heck could smell so bad? There are no buildings or factories around and this is definitely not the smell of fertilizer or an abattoir. After riding for a while some buildings eventually show up ahead. High density cattle farms. Hundreds of cattle in small pens. All of the cornfields and farmland around these cattle is probably used to feed them. There are many times more cattle raised here than could possibly be sustained by normal cattle grazing practices. Still though, I buy the cheap meat at the supermarket.

Take a detour following signs to the geographical centre of mainland America, interesting probably. Arrive in a small town called Lebanon. American town names are so repetitive and stale, the grid system of highways doesn’t help either. It’s like the settlers just spread out for the sake of it, “Oh here we will have the intersection of 36 and 84, we may as well put a town here, so what can it be called?” And when they ran out of president’s names they just started plain copying cities from other countries.

Continue on east 36 through Cuba, Washington, Marysville, a few of the towns are getting some roadworks on their main road, of course there is only one road through these towns so there are some people managing traffic at either end and sending the few cars through slowly. The first town with this does not have a very long wait in the line and in the next town I somehow skip the queue by pulling off to get fuel but the last town has a crazy wait in line. One car gets fed up and speeds past the poor traffic guy after a couple of minutes, probably not the first time this has happened. Put the stand down and my feet up on the frame sliders and lean back into the sleeping bag and hammock tied behind me, quite comfortable actually, fall asleep. Not sure how long for but it was a good kip, peaceful, woken by the person in the car behind with a polite beep.

At Fairview turn south on 75 towards Topeka past Kickapoo Indian reserve. Getting into Topeka don’t want to stop, too many people and too tired. Need to turn onto east 70 interstate towards Kansas City but the hammock feels pretty loose, messing around with the hammock behind me, miss the turn and have to exit somewhere to turn around (damn interstate). Just want to get out of here, the hammock can be fixed outside the city. Nope. Turn to check on it just in time to see it sliding off the seat. It bounces and flips off the road luckily but skips into a ditch with water and long grass. Have to stop the bike close to the busy road and tramp back to look. Takes ages to find it, worried that a cop will stop and find some reason to fine me. The hammock is almost the same colour as the grass so it is found by pretty much stepping on it. Tying it back on next to the road was sketchy, may as well put in the effort and do it properly though. Glad to be out of the city.

Head on to Laurence and turn south on 59 to Ottawa just to avoid Kansas City. When did the idea of riding through large cities become so terrible? Ottawa is a nice town, there is a nice park, probably could camp but people are staring so it’s probably better to keep moving. On the crappy phone map there is a lake not too far from here. Take a chance on the fact that there will probably be camping there, the sun is going down. Don’t want to have another park bench night.

Arrive at dusk at Hillsdale State Park with the lake. It’s a cool place, try to pay with the afterhours envelopes and cash but there are little frogs sitting in the collection box. I’m not going to shove the paper in their faces, paying in the morning should be fine. Nope, a guy in a ute finds my campsite and wants the money on the spot. Still a good campsite though. The fireflies are amazing, stars are good too, no clouds which is nice. I guess I have finally beaten the storm that was chasing me.
