28th
The storm caught up. CRAZY storm front coming in really fast, so silent, it’s early so everything it quiet and still, surreal. Pack up real quick and gun it out of there through to nearby Louisburg, Harrisonville, rain behind me clear skies in front, go fast. Turn south onto route 7 and get stuck behind a group of big slow trucks which lets the rain catch up to me but once there is clear road ahead the storm quickly falls behind and the sky is obnoxiously blue again. A welcome change from dusty yellow Dubai.

Time to celebrate with a good breakfast! Arrive in Clinton and see a handmade sign for fresh doughnuts, BINGO. Order way too many doughnuts from a cheerful American Indian lady go to sit down. She comes over and gives me another doughnut, too much! Eat as many as possible and try stay a while to give me time to cram more in while planning a rough route for the day but the huge amount of sugar is kicking in and I am too restless. Sheepishly have to return the doughnut, starting to feel pretty sick, I can’t take it with me and I cannot possibly throw it out. The sugar from breakfast and the sick feeling of overeating balance out well, no reckless behavior.

Continue over Harry Truman Reservoir to Warsaw then south on Hwy 13 to Cross Timbers, Urbana, another Louisburg and eventually Springfield. Turn onto 60 east to Seymour, Mountain Grove, Mark Twain National Forrest. This is a hard slog, so sleepy, no energy, really should have stopped to rest. Buy a new looking caffeinated drink at almost every second town but it doesn’t help much. Roll through Ellsinore, Poplar Bluff, Dexter and Sikeston.

The forests give way to farmland again, mostly corn, not really tired now. Need a way to cross the Mississippi River now, there are a couple of bridges on the map but that would be boring. Head off the highway through farmland and down back country roads to what is possibly a ferry crossing. The sun is getting low which gives the corn a nice glow. Corn actually has a really distinctive smell and it is really thick in the air this evening. Smells like cornflakes? Probably not, take in big gulps of air to try and think of what it smells like, it is nice in a way. SKUNK! Jam on the brakes, I wasn’t going to hit it, just want to chase it and get a better look. It is a filthy thing with mangy matted fur and is about the size of a possum. It has the telltale white stipe down its back and tail but it is not very big. Of course it doesn’t want anything to do with me and walks off into a field hissing. Following as close as seems sensible, how much can you annoy a skunk before they spray you? How far can they spray? It hisses like a cat and stands broadside, probably deciding between fight or flight.

Continue on between cornfields and get lost a bit but it’s fun. There is nobody else around at all. Arrive on the edge of the Mississippi River, a sign says that there is a ferry here but it looks pretty old. The ferry probably goes down the river a little bit to land outside the town of Hickman on the other side. Banking on the fact that some tire tracks seem fairly recent so the ferry probably still runs. Time to camp and wait for the ferry, the water looks nice enough for a swim in the morning.

Find a nice patch of grass off the road and fall asleep fast just as darkness falls. Need to use a lot of deet and use the helmet to prop the mosquito net off my face otherwise the mosquitos can still bite through it. Wake up when two cars pull up at the ferry ramp quietly and a few guys get out and look out over the river, they are waiting for something. While they are standing in the dark one guy leans into the first car and flicks his lights on and off a few times. A couple of minutes later the sound of an outboard fades in over the soft river sounds. The two of the guys get some boxes out of a car while others turn and stare back up the road from where they came. They hand over the boxes to the dingy in the dark with no lights and nothing is really said between any of them. They hop back in the cars and leave. Another drug deal? Glad they didn’t see me in the grass off the side of the road.

Another truck pulls up later, only one guy inside and he keeps it running while he gets out and looks at the sign. Maybe he knows when the ferry will be coming? It will take me a while to pack up so if it comes without warning there won’t be enough time to catch it. Walk over to ask him about the ferry and knock on the passenger window which scares the crap out of him. DENNY, he tells me that the ferry just around the corner and we talk while I quickly pack up the bike again. He is from somewhere in Kentucky not too far north of here. He lives on a large property next to a forest which he uses for “special” growing purposes. He is smoking weed something that pretty much looks like an old style tobacco pipe. It’s not straight weed he says, it has some hallucinogenic flowers in it too. It does smell like flowers a bit. He offers me some weed packed into the tip of a small aluminium tube about an inch long. It doesn’t stay lit at all really, it pretty much goes out as soon and you take the lighter away. Denny also offers drinks from a cooler in the tray of his ute as he talks about how much he knows about hallucinogenic plants and mushrooms that grow deep in the forests here, and also about how the Mississippi is used to transport heaps of drugs north and south. At some point we see a small flat raft floating down the river with no lights, they could be moving drugs says Denny. He talks about his time in the air force as a nuclear weapons specialist or he was in charge of something to do with that. Kinda skeptical of that part of the story but then he starts talking about getting busted out of jail by his commander after the cops found him smoking in his van in a parking lot in California. That part of the story is definitely believable. Honestly, meeting Denny with his crazy eyes and Hawaiian shirt at any other time would be a bit intimidating but he seems mostly harmless guy.

The reason that he is here waiting for the ferry at well past midnight is because he is travelling to see some people about buying their RV. He has been travelling around for a couple of days checking out other RVs in the area and he says that the next one is a good deal for him. He wants to take it around America indefinitely. It seems as though he is living a bachelors kind of lifestyle but he is definitely old enough to be married and with adult kids. Try to ask him about his family and he tells me about how he recently traded one of his trucks for a Jeep wrangler to give to his teenage grandson as his first car, his grandson is a senior in highschool and will be graduating soon. Denny recites a well rehearsed story of the night he gave the car to his grandson on his birthday, “he was just so happy, that’s what it’s all about” Denny says with a toothy grin. It still seems strange that he wants to leave all of his family behind and go travelling though, and then he tells me about how is wife died a couple of years ago. I say nothing more and we just watch the river.

After a long time Denny starts talking again and we start talking about southern culture and rednecks. It’s easy to have a superficial understanding of what a redneck is but the way Denny talks it seems that there is a lot more to it. He wants to impress upon me the darker side of southern culture, “when I am out hunting in the woods it isn’t the animals I’m a’scared of, it’s them rednecks”, “When they catch you they aint gonna kill you. That’s what you should be scared of”. The thought of being made some kind of modern tribal slave is pretty creepy, especially since you would be within 50km of a town and smartphones and a McDonalds. Denny tells me that there are many communities which particularly dislike outsiders and almost shut themselves off completely, worse than the Amish probably.

Denny receives a call from the people who he wants to buy the RV from, they have given him directions to the nearest bridge. It is well past midnight but he is pretty set on seeing the RV tonight. Goodbye Denny. After he leaves everything is quiet again except for the Mississippi sloshing along. Uneasy sleep, scared of rednecks.
