29th
Wake up and hear a boat coming up the river, set a new personal best at packing the bike and am just in time to scramble onto the boat ramp just as the ferry unloads the other cars. Good morning Denny, recognize him by his crazy eyed stare. He looks different in the daylight. Tells me how it took him all night to get across the river but he did see the RV in the end. Can’t chat for too long, the guy on the ferry calls “ALL ABOARD”. Goodbye again Denny, I hope he buys that RV someday.

Ferry ride is cool. Getting on is a bit dodgy, part of the ferry ramp is smooth wet steel but luckily everything goes well. It looks like the tug is connected to a hinge on the side of the barge and it does a 180 when they want to turn around so that the whole barge does not have to turn around. The Mississippi is a strong brown river, lots of logs and junk float along and we run into them constantly, BANG. The logs are probably why there are no private boats or dingies travelling up the river. You can’t enjoy a river with so many logs which break your boat, nothing but thick old school steel survives in the Mississippi.

The ride is $5, are you supposed to tip a ferryman? The ride was pretty smooth I guess? This is the first time that the tipping culture has been a bit ambiguous. Ride off the ferry, down the road past a concrete plant before going up a steep hill into the town of Hickman and am overwhelmed by the quaintness. It’s nice and cool in the morning air and everything is so damn green, especially the grass. Technically it is the real deal Kentucky bluegrass now, the cornerstone of any good backyard and the subject of domestic lawncare pretty much everywhere, the ferry ride took me from Missouri to Kentucky state actually. The trees hang way over the road and almost touch their opposite neighbors, they make the same sort of green ceiling just like back in Perth. On the side of the road small old houses with big front yards go past, about half have an old ute parked outside and the other half have flags on the lawn. It would be great to have breakfast here but the one place is not even open yet (of course not, that’s what makes it even more quaint). Today is my last day on the road.

Head to Union City, the square city, a place girthed perfectly by highways which forms a square. The town is inside and there is not much on the outside. It’s an interesting idea, probably was meant to save the centre of town and stop there from being an uptown vs downtown divide. On the way out, just outside the town limits is “The Discovery Park Of America”. What the heck, you can see the place from miles away because of its crazy Bauhaus aircraft control tower building, not really interested in going there.

Join the 22 south to Martin then Dresden. Take a detour on 54 east to another town named Paris, nothing special there really but did get to see real life Amish people. There had been some road signs saying to beware of Amish carts so made sure that the camera was ready well in advance (the signs just had pictures of carts on them, was just hoping that they actually meant Amish people’s carts). Quite surreal to get to ride past the two Amish people in their horse drawn cart, they did not seem annoyed at all the traffic around them, just a man and his son going to the market or something probably. Are Amish people related to Luddites? Luddites were just a bunch of entitled idiots, probably not something that could be turned into the Amish lifestyle. It is interesting that they chose to draw the line at 1800s era kind of technology and not 1700s or 1600s. Do they take modern medicine? Working hard is a good way to appreciate what you have more but it isn’t the only way to do it.

Trying to head south through Mckenzie, Huntindon, and Lexington. Stop at Milledgeville for breakfast at a fast food place. A group of seniors are having breakfast together and the TV says that storms are coming, feel confident about outrunning them, I have finally beaten the storms that were chasing me.

South to the end of the 22 at Adamsville then east on the 64 to Crump and Savannah, Waynesboro, Pulaski (not the original “sky Pulaski way” unfortunately). Continue to Fayetteville then south again on 231 to Huntsville. Second time in Huntsville, pretty tired so pull off at the first rest stop under the shade of an Apollo rocket ship. Park the bike under a tree and have a bloody good nap on the grass nearby, nice.

Retrace the route from the start of the trip from Huntsville over the lake to Fort Payne, nice section of road leading up to the town of Section again so it’s not that bad. Head south on 35 to Gaylesville, east on Hwy 20 to Rome, get completely lost trying to find 411 east in a heap of roadworks. Stop in a McDonalds for a drink and a last look at the map, this is the last stop, Atlanta is close now. Just over 100 miles left to go, boring interstate highway, too many other people.

Get into Atlanta, pretty happy that I can make it back to Taka and Joe’s place without having to stop for directions. It feels homely? I guess I can thank Taka and Joe for that. Maybe I was just tired but it’s weird, he fits in perfectly in Atlanta but to me Taka still sticks out like a sore thumb in America, like a small part of the Gold Coast all the way over there. Good on you Taka, and thanks Joe. 
